hello guys my name is David Connelly and
I'm gonna show you guys how to get
unlimited cherry credits that you are
able to use in any game you want
I knew this method about three months
ago and everyone is using it right now
and I think it's time to share it here
on YouTube so let's do this quick first
you need this tool called cherry credits
loader I got this tool when somebody
posted on a forum about this and then
suddenly moderator deleted the thread
yeah that kind of sucks
so I searched and find the tool until I
found the website WWJD credits loader
blog spot.com
which is their official website of the
tool one more thing
before I got this tool I participated in
some kind of offers to get the file yeah
it's kind of annoying for me to do offer
stuff but it's worth it because I really
got the file after the participation and
I'm going to show you all now how this
Tool Works log on to your cherry credits
account and open the cherry credits
loader there are only three steps to use
this tool actually so it's pretty easy
first choose the game you're playing I'm
playing Dragon Nest see so I'm going to
choose dragon SC for the second step put
the desired amount of your credits you
want and then click load
you
done so let's refresh the browser
see I had seventy four thousand eight
hundred ninety CC balance before but
look what I got now 124 thousand eight
hundred ninety CC balance I can buy
anything I want on the game using this
tool this is a great tool that's it if
you like my first video just hit like
and subscribe